c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.exe.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RedBot\RedBot\bin\Debug\images\memes\datboi.jpg
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\images\memes\datboi.jpg
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\RedBot.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\tempp\RedBot\obj\Debug\RedBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
